# FRCScoutingData
All 3 of these stats sheets were for team 4976 during the 2022 FIRST Robotics Competition. During this competition, I facilitated the organization of students, and helped design a separate scouting app, for the students to track each robot on the field during each match. We then analyzed the data with the systems included here, to make informed alliance picks for playoffs, and further inform our strategic decisions.
The humber stats ran into significant challenges due to pandemic imposed restrictions, forcing us to collect the data remotely via the twitch streams. This led to significant communication errors and less than accurate data. However, we still made it to the finals at that event. We also ran into problems at provincials, which is the event that Final_FRC_Stats_sheet includes. The issues we ran into here were robot related, where our robot malfunctioned for 1/3 of our matches. For this issue, I had to filter the data to show other teams that our robot was significantly better than their data showed. This did work for us, as we wound up being the first pick of the 8th alliance, and our captains felt comfortable picking us as a result of the connection I helped build with them. 
These data sheets were further useful to our team, allowing us to win the York 2022 day 2 district event, which notably was our team's 2nd and most recent event win in 10 years of competition.
More recently, and not included in this release due to competitive reasons, I have switched over to working alongside team 2702, as a mentor of team 7722. Team 2702 works out of the Google office, and use a different data structure. They use an event based data structure, which unlocks infinitely more data analysis possibilities. A similar structure is used in real world research done by my prof, Dr Sean Doherty, who I have had the pleasure of discussing his research with.

Link to 2022 game manual: https://firstfrc.blob.core.windows.net/frc2022/Manual/2022FRCGameManual.pdf
Link to FOPC 2022 match results and videos: https://www.thebluealliance.com/event/2022oncmp
